#Raw_phenotype_data
"Coulter_pollen.csv" Raw data from Coulter counter pollen measurements. ID: individual ID number. avg number: number of pollen grains. avg size: pollen diameter. samples: flowers measured per individual.
"ImageJ_raw_4_3_15.csv" Raw data from ImageJ pollen counts. Date: measurement date. ID:  individual ID number. Aliquot_1: pollen grains counted in first aliquot. Aliquot_2: pollen grains counted in first aliquot. Mean_aliquots: mean pollen counted across both aliquots.
"2013_growout_floral_clean.csv" Raw floral measurements from 2013 growout. Class: generation of inbreeding (f or p). Species: cordatotriloba, lacunosa, or F1. ID: individual ID. Opening: anthesis date, measured from germination. Color: 1=purple, 0=white. Peduncle length: cyme length. Flowers/buds on peduncle: Number of flowers or buds on cyme. internode below: length of stem internode below cyme. Cor. Length: length of corolla. Cor. Width: width of corolla. Anther/stigma position: herkogamy. Anther length 1: length of first anther.	Anther length 2: length of second anther. Anther length 3: length of third anther. Anther length 4: length of fourth anther. Anther length 5: length of fifth anther.	 Anther length avg.: mean anther length. Stigma Length: gynoecium length. Nectar volume: height of nectar on capillary tube, in mm.
"2013_growout_phenology_clean.csv" Raw phenology data from 2013 growout. Class: generation of inbreeding (f or p). Species: cordatotriloba, lacunosa, or F1. ID: individual ID. Tray: tray containing pot.	Rack: rack in growth room.	Shelf: shelf on rack.	Germination date: date of germination.	Germination Day: day after scarification and moistening of germination.	Cotyledon date: date cotyledon visible. Cotyledon day: day after planting cotyledon visible. Height_mm_day_07: height of seedling in mm on day 7 after planting. Height_mm_day_14: height of seedling in mm on day 14 after planting. Internode_1_day_14: length of first internode (cotyledon to first true leaf) on day 14 after planting. Internode_2_day_14: length of second internode (first to second true leaf) on day 14 after planting. Internode_3_day_14: length of first internode (second to third true leaf) on day 14 after planting. Height_mm_day_21: height of seedling in mm on day 21 after planting. Internode_1_day_21: length of first internode (cotyledon to first true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Internode_2_day_21: length of second internode (first to second true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Internode_3_day_21: length of first internode (second to third true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Number_leaves_day_23: number of leaves on day 23 after planting.	Leaf 1 open: day from planting that first true leaf opened. Leaf 2 open: day from planting that second true leaf opened. Leaf 3 open: day from planting that third true leaf opened. Flower 1 Open: day from planting that first flower opened.
"Clean_raw_floral_phenotypes.csv" Raw flower data from F2 mapping population. ID: F2 (numbered) or grandparent clone CAA or LPR or F1 selfed parent clone CL5. ID_numeric: deprecated: including numeric codes for grandparent and F1 clones. Date_measured: the date the flower was measured. Color: Purple or white. Color_numeric: 1=purple, 0=white. Cyme_length: length of cyme, from base of flower back to stem. flowers_per_day: number of open flowers on measured individual. Flowers_buds_on_cymepeduncle: number of flowers or buds on cyme. Cor_Length: corolla length (see supplementary methods for details). Cor_tissue_Length: corolla tissue length (see supplementary methods for details). Cor_Width: corolla width (see supplementary methods for details). Anther_stigma_position: herkogamy (see supplementary methods for details). Nectar_volume_mm: nectar volume in mm in capillary tube (see supplementary methods for details). Style_Length: gynoecium length from base of ovary to top of stigma. Sterility: binary, see Rifkin and Ostevik linkage mapping of reproductive compatibility for details. after_noon: time of measurement. Notes: observations.
"Clean_raw_phenology.csv" Raw phenology data from F2 mapping population. ID: individual ID. species: selfed offspring of grandparents and hybrids. Tray: location of early growth in growth room. Germinated: date seen germinated. Planted: date transplanted to soil. Leaf 1 open: date of first leaf opening. Leaf 2 open: date of second leaf opening. Leaf 3 open: date of third leaf opening. Top_burnt: whether the growing plant was damaged by twining around grwoth lights. Height_mm_day_21: height in mm at day 21.  Internode_1_day_21: length of first internode (cotyledon to first true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Internode_2_day_21: length of second internode (first to second true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Internode_3_day_21: length of first internode (second to third true leaf) on day 21 after planting. Number_leaves_day_21: number of leaves on day 21 after planting.
